Adds new resource to manage default service accounts (#7541)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: website/docs/r/google_project_default_service_accounts.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Cloud Platform"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_project_default_service_accounts"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-project-default-service-accounts-x"
description: |-
  Allows management of Google Cloud Platform project default service accounts.
---

# google_project_default_service_accounts

Allows management of Google Cloud Platform project default service accounts.

When certain service APIs are enabled, Google Cloud Platform automatically creates service accounts to help get started, but
this is not recommended for production environments as per [Google's documentation](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts#default).
See the [Organization documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/quickstarts) for more details.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> This resource works on a best-effort basis, as no API formally describes the default service accounts. If the default service accounts change their name/email or additional service accounts are added, this resource will need to be updated.

```

Let's add a disclaimer so that it's clear what our contract is.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_project_default_service_accounts" "my_project" {
  project = "my-project-id"
  action = "delete"
}
```

> To try to reactivate the default service account on the resource destroy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To reactivate the default service accounts on the resource destroy:
```

```hcl
resource "google_project_default_service_accounts" "my_project" {
  project = "my-project-id"
  action = "DISABLE"
  restore_policy = "REACTIVATE"
}

```

> ## Argument Reference

Reviewer: Can you sync the descriptions here + on the fields in their `Description` field?

The following arguments are supported:

> - `project` - (Required) The project ID. Changing this forces a new project to be created.

Reviewer 2: Changing this deletes and recreates this resource, but it doesn't actually create a new project.

> - `action` - (Optional) The action to be performed in the default service accounts. Valid values are: deprivilege, delete, disable.

Reviewer: required?

> - `action` - (Optional) The action to be performed in the default service accounts. Valid values are: deprivilege, delete, disable.

Reviewer: Make sure the valid values match the user-specifiable ones exactly. I'd also recommend backticks to `code font` the values.

- `restore_policy` - (Optional) The action to be performed in the default service accounts on the resource destroy.

>   Valid values are NONE and REACTIVATE. If set to REACTIVATE it will attempt to restore all default SAs.

Reviewer: REVERT?

> ## Attributes Reference

Reviewer: service_accounts is an exported attribute, right?
